Fix install latest version of app/component (#14181)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/lightning_app/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Resolved a bug where install command was not installing the latest version of app/component be default ([#14181](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14181))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved a bug where the install command was not installing the latest version of an app/component by default ([#14181](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14181))
```
